# Project Roleplay - v1.0

### Changes 1.0 / 27-07

- Discord settings. (implementation of sending messages from Server to Discord)
- Fixed small bugs in Mysql. (synchronization and save, character, health)
- Added a Role Test. (Extracted from deugub; Made by Edinson Walker)
- Added a small detail which shows the total Hits to the Role Exam.

### Changes 1.0 / 28-07
- Fixed an error which does not allow the entry of users with the same name.

### Changes 1.0 / 29-07
- A City selection question was added to the Account Registration.

### Changes 1.0 / 02-08
- Fixed several errors regarding Registration and Login regarding the entry of players.

### Changes 1.0 / 03-08
- Various MySql bugs were fixed.
- The Anticheat Nex-Ac was implemented. (Lang English)
- The saving of 'Account created' and 'Last session' was implemented.
- Some variables, texts and among other things were modified.
- The names of the DB were changed.

### Changes 1.0 / 04-08
- NexAC 'Rule 39' (nex-ac_settings.cfg) was temporarily disabled. (kicks player for strange reason at startup)
- Some variables, texts and among other things were modified.
- The 'ShowPlayerDialog' function was completely removed from 'pRegister', being replaced by the './content/includes/dialogs' functions. (dialog_show)

### Changes 1.0 / 05-08
- Some variables, texts and among other things were modified.
- Fixed a small bug in Mysql and NexAc, which would expel the player when answering the dialogs. (r99t-Kai)

### Changes 1.0 / 07-08
- NexAC 'Rule 39'(nex-ac_settings.cfg) was enabled again. (it expelled the player for a strange reason when dying)
-Almost completely corrected the Spawn and Death system, due to the Anticheat expelling the player once he died.
- Implemented a life reduction function for when the player dies, send him to the hospital.
- Fixed an issue which caused the player to die twice, thus sending two messages at the same time.

### Changes 1.0 / 23-08
- Fixed a small bug which would not spawn the player once they re-entered the server after death or normally.
- Added a column (Died) in the DB, to load the state of death of the player (0 or 1).
- Basic role commands were implemented. (b, me, do, whisper, shout, try)

### Changes 1.0 / 26-08
- The include 'fixes.inc' was updated, at the same time small changes were made in variables, due to its warnings.
- Commented/disabled a line of code generated by 'fixes'.inc which generated the following warning «function is deprecated(symbol "CST_SHA256_PassHash") Use BCrypt or better for hashing passwords», which is unnecessary to update.

### Changes 1.0 / 28-08
- The Include fixes was updated due to an incompatibility.
- Added a couple of functions in AccountLoaded and ClearDiedAnims, which do the following:
* In 'AccountLoaded' we detect if the player when re-connecting is injured (in this case, if he quit while dead), in this case, having "evaded", the death variable is cleared and "sent to jail". (It doesn't actually get sent anywhere, this must be programmed by whoever has the gamemode in their hands)

* The 'ClearDiedAnims' function will be called once the player has died and appeared in the Hospital, what this Timer will do is clear the variable, so that once the player dies again, no bug will happen and the Anticheat will not expel the player. player.

- Fixed an issue which would not store the death variable and would bug the saving/setting of the Score.
- The Textdraw-Error-Command was implemented, which, as its name says, when executing an erroneous command, will launch a sound + a Textdraw which will be hidden.
---

 **Content:**

    |— gamemodes
    |—— index - .pwn
    |——— content\           - Content of the server.
    |———— content\cmds      - Commands player & admins
    |———— content\designs   - Maps and Textdraws.
    |———— content\includes  - Includes modified and connected with systems.
    |———— content\server    - Vars, macros, connections and others.
    |———— content\systems   - Systems developed and connected to the gamemode.
    
----